docs(sources): add integrations directory with 31 source pages (ETL-980) (#739)
glassflow/clickhouse-etl: docs/app/sources/cassandra/page.mdx

---
title: 'Apache Cassandra'

> description: 'Stream data from Apache Cassandra into ClickHouse with GlassFlow'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Stream data from Apache Cassandra® into ClickHouse with GlassFlow'
```

---
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components'

# Apache Cassandra

Cassandra is a distributed NoSQL database designed for high availability and scalability across multiple nodes. It is optimized for large-scale, write-heavy workloads with no single point of failure.

> ## Using Apache Cassandra with GlassFlow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using Apache Cassandra® with GlassFlow
```

> GlassFlow can ingest changes from Apache Cassandra into ClickHouse with the same pipeline capabilities available to all GlassFlow sources — deduplication, joins, filtering, and stateless transformations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GlassFlow can ingest changes from Apache Cassandra® into ClickHouse with the same pipeline capabilities available to all GlassFlow sources — deduplication, joins, filtering, and stateless transformations.
```

<Callout type="info">

> **Available on request.** Apache Cassandra connectors are supported natively via the GlassFlow Enterprise Edition. To get started, [join our GlassFlow Slack community](https://glassflowhub.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-349m7lenp-IFeKSGfQwpJfIiQ7oyFFKg) to chat directly with our team, or [reach out](https://www.glassflow.dev/integrations#contact) to us with your use case, expected volumes, and timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Available on request.** Apache Cassandra® connectors are natively supported in GlassFlow Enterprise Edition. To get started, [join our GlassFlow Slack community](https://glassflowhub.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-349m7lenp-IFeKSGfQwpJfIiQ7oyFFKg) to chat directly with our team, or [reach out](https://www.glassflow.dev/integrations#contact) to us with your use case, expected volumes, and timeline.
```
